[Music]
B
[Music] With silent
hands,
we offer branches of flowers to the
Buddha, with sincere hearts,
we bow our heads in reverence, contemplating the Buddha's teachings.
In this lifetime of practice, the Buddha, in his
old age, sought the path to enlightenment, his
strength and
voice giving
us the Dharma to escape the suffering of the world.
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully bow to the benevolent Father,
Buddha Shakyamuni. Today,
we Buddhists
have come to this sacred place, Bodhi Gaya,
where the Buddha meditated for 49 days,
conquering Mara and attaining Buddhahood, the name
Buddha Shakyamuni.
We
respectfully bow to the benevolent Father. We ourselves have attained enlightenment.
[Music]
Following the Buddha's teachings, under the
guidance of his disciples, the monk Thich
Truc Thai Minh and the monks of
Ba
Vang Pagoda, we realize that
truly there is no treasure in the world that
can bring us happiness as much as
[Music]
His teachings are the only true salvation
for sentient beings, saving us from suffering.
Through our practice,
we know that to achieve supreme enlightenment, one
must go through countless eons of cultivation.
[Music]
Compassionate mind according to the scriptures we have
studied, we truly believe,
we practice to eliminate a single
defilement in our hearts. Sometimes, even a
lifetime cannot eliminate a single
thought of reverence or gratitude. In
this life, we practice and feel it is extremely
difficult because our greed and desire
burn and bind us.
Yet,
He is for all sentient beings,
not for us, not for sentient beings.
Even to our parents,
we have never shown
gratitude, or if we have, in that
thought of gratitude, countless
defilements arise simultaneously. From
truly observing our own minds
and actions, we
see clearly that our Buddha is
noble and compassionate.
We have never
seen any parents like
Him. Our parents may only
love us and not the
neighbor's child, but
He treats countless sentient beings as His children.
All that surrounds him is the Great One who
sacrificed his parents for us,
but he sacrificed himself for countless sentient beings.
Today, we return to
this place, where more than 2600 years ago he
attained enlightenment. Here,
we know that his 49 days and nights were
not everything; they were only the
final merits of three countless eons of
loving and saving sentient beings.
We are truly fortunate to have this
opportunity today. We offer incense and
flowers of
gratitude for his kindness and virtue towards us
and sentient beings. We
vow to follow in his footsteps,
practicing little by little the loving-kindness
in the Five Precepts of a lay Buddhist,
striving to practice more and more diligently the Eight Precepts.
We practice living with love,
living giving, and eradicating the
defilements of
our minds. But to achieve
this, we need the protection of the Three
Jewels and his ordained disciples.
From his power,
we know that
our benevolent Father is still here today.  Following
our footsteps, you continue to support
our virtuous thoughts. We
vow to diligently strive,
asking the Benevolent Father to accept us, to bless us, and to guide us
into the
Three Jewels. We vow to practice virtuous deeds,
protect the Three Jewels, and spread the Buddha's teachings
throughout the
world. We wish to do
many good deeds, but
our minds are still controlled
by evil karma, greed,
anger, and attachment. We ask
you, our Benevolent Father, to accept us, to
bless us, and to
guide us into the Three Jewels. May you lead
us, through countless lifetimes, to meet
enlightened masters and outstanding monks. We
vow to serve the Three
Jewels, and we vow to follow the teachings of outstanding monks.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully address the Perfectly Enlightened Buddha
Shakyamuni. Today, we, the Buddhist followers
of pilgrimage group number 5 in the "
Pilgrimage to the Land of the Buddha" program
of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies, are hereby invited.
Present here,
we stand before the Bodhi tree
where Bodhisattva Siddhartha attained Buddhahood after 49 days of
meditation, becoming the
Buddha Shakyamuni. This is
where the world is
welcomed by a
miracle, where the world enjoys complete
happiness, where the sun
rises,
shining
through the darkness, allowing
sentient beings to
see the light of the truth and liberation.
Today, in
contemplation, we are here on this
first morning
when the Perfectly Enlightened One
appeared in this world. We
respectfully offer flowers as a
tribute. We respectfully
bow to the
Buddha. For many lifetimes, we have committed
evil deeds, causing us to fall into the eight realms of
rebirth.
When we were born, the
Buddha had already attained
Nirvana, but we still feel
fortunate because we have the rare
opportunity to access and receive the
immortal Dharma of the
Buddha, to enjoy the
fruits of what the Buddha has built,
and to be present
here today. We offer flowers as a
tribute, praying that in all future lifetimes, we may all be blessed.
Having met the Buddha and
received his prophecy, we vow to diligently strive and pray for
his support. We dedicate all the merits of our offerings to
Supreme Enlightenment, dedicating them to the arising of the karmic conditions for diligently pursuing the path to
Supreme Enlightenment. Here, the
Buddha, having attained enlightenment,
sees countless beings
in the six realms of reincarnation, being born here,
dying here, being born there, dying there,
suffering in the
six realms. The Buddha, having attained the Threefold Knowledge,
opens the path to liberation
for all beings. We vow to
diligently pray and beseech the Buddha to protect
us. We
offer flowers as a tribute.
We also dedicate this merit
to the Buddha's true Dharma, that it may remain in the
world for a long time, that the Four Assemblies
may practice the Buddha's teachings, and that the Buddha's holy fruit of
liberation may appear in the world,
propagating the true
Dharma in place of the Buddha. We pray that all beings, those with karmic connections to the
Buddha's teachings, may form karmic connections
with us. We humbly present this to the
Buddha, who will bear
witness to our enlightenment.  We pray for the Buddha to
guide us according to our vows and dedications, so that the Buddha may be
diligent, his good wishes fulfilled, his faith strengthened, and his
practice of Bodhisattva virtues flourish. We pray for impermanence,
and with sincere hearts, we offer this to the Buddha. With sincere hearts,
we bow our heads in reverence to the Buddha,
contemplating in this fleeting lifetime the Buddha's incarnation,
seeking the path to enlightenment. The Buddha, with his pure heart,
seeks the
Dharma to
escape the suffering of all beings.
[Music] The
Buddha's compassion, the
Bodhi tree, the Bodhi tree, the fields of blessings,
flourishing and
happiness for all beings.
[Music]
Respectfully, to all the great assembly, this is the
Bodhi tree where our Buddha
sat for 49 days, 49 days and nights of
meditation to attain enlightenment. At the third watch
of the 49th day, he became a fully
enlightened being. Dear fellow practitioners,
if we do not remember the
Buddha's grace, we can never be
liberated
because we do not see his love.  If
we don't
see or feel the
Buddha's love for us,
we won't strive to practice. It's
like in our own families.
A filial child is one who
sees their parents' hardships and observes
them daily with great subtlety, focusing their mind on their daily
struggles. A child like that observes their mother's every little detail, their
mind focusing on even the tiniest things. For example,
when she had asthma (before even starting
first grade), their
mind focused on her. When she had asthma, she realized her
mother had to fan her to sleep. Without
the fan, she absolutely couldn't
sleep. Normally, she wouldn't
know this, she wouldn't notice it
because she slept all night.
But that day, for the first time, her
mind focused on her. She
woke up and noticed that
her mother's hand was fanning her,
and it was falling down. At that moment, her mind
understood that
she could sleep because her mother was
fanning her.
Understanding this, the mind of the Han-style meditation
didn't wake his mother because he knew how hard
she worked. That's the mind of the
Han-style meditation, not having gone to a meditation class yet. The mind of the Han-style meditation
didn't want his mother to wake up. He
silently practiced meditation because he couldn't breathe, and since he could
n't breathe, he quietly and
gently went outside to the courtyard. Even in the courtyard,
he still couldn't breathe, so he practiced meditation. He
bent his buttocks up and placed his
hands down like this, lowering his head
so he could breathe. And the mind of the Han-style meditation
was that whenever his head ached, he would stand
up; whenever he couldn't breathe,
he would bend
down. A person must see the gratitude owed to their
parents, must see the efforts of their
parents to become a filial person.
If we truly don't pay attention to
every little bit of our parents' hard work,
we absolutely
cannot be filial. And
the mind of the Han-style meditation is that he must observe every little detail
of his mother's hard work, the
smallest effort, and absolutely not
act in a way that is unfilial.
There is no such thing as an
unfilial act; he must observe every single thing.  Just like that, little by little, it's the
same with the Buddha. If
we don't remember his grace,
we absolutely cannot be diligent. If we don't
see his grace, we ca
n't be diligent. And if we don't see
his grace and don't diligently,
we absolutely cannot become Buddhas. Do
you all see that? So
today, as we come here, we see that
the weather is very favorable. It's
very sunny. Dear Dharma friends, do you feel
anything in your hearts?
Just a little bit of sunshine, very small compared to a laborer like
us. We are not yet noble and
refined, nor are we from the royal palace. We don't have servants or attendants, do we? We
don't have that at all. We are just
laborers. Try to calm yourself down
a little, a little bit, not even the calmness
of India. Just a little bit. We
call it having a karmic connection, a mind that illuminates and contemplates the
Buddha, giving us the
opportunity to remember
his grace. Just a
little bit, and then we all go. The sun shines
a little.  Just a little bit, but
what about you? When you practiced for 60 years in the
deep forest, you couldn't see the
Dharma, so you decided to abandon
that practice and go searching.
You were still stuck in the notion
that you had to
destroy your body and soul to attain enlightenment,
even though you didn't know it yet.
You still held onto that belief, and you
decided not to eat. You went to the
river, the Lotus Boat, that
river was only a
short distance away. After that, you washed yourself
and came back up here. It looks
like a short distance, but it's very
short. That's why you were exhausted and
fell down. The celestial beings prepared
food for you to wake you up.
Then you continued sitting. A
celestial being played a stringed instrument, saying that if the
string was too tight, it would break, and if it was too loose, the
sound would be muffled. You woke up
and decided to accept the bowl of
milk porridge. You went back to the river to wash yourself
clean,
then you received the bowl of porridge and ate it. Then you went begging for
alms again and returned to the Middle Way. After that,
you decided to meditate to find the truth.
What we understand is that
the Buddha was someone who sought every possible
way, solely to
find a method to relieve our suffering. Let
each of us consider this:
Now, as we meditate, with only this one thought in mind, is
there anything more precious than his teachings? Let
us see
what he has given us. Our parents may give
us
hundreds of billions or trillions of dollars, but how did they
earn those hundreds of billions or trillions? So what is given
here, and
what is its value? The mind
will then be addressed to the Buddha, seeking his blessings.
If anyone is single-minded, they will be able to perceive and
feel a little of the hardship and toil
he endured.
Meditation requires his blessings;
we cannot know this because we
are ordinary, ignorant people. If we do
not ask the Buddha for a
moment of insight, we
cannot think; if
we do not feel it,
we cannot do it ourselves.
So, we sit in meditation so that
we can feel and
understand the grace of the Buddha, to see how
precious his teachings are. Let's consider whether,
from
the beginning of our lives until now, anything has been as precious as
his teachings. The possessions that you, dear fellow
practitioners, have acquired will eventually diminish.
How long
will the Buddha's teachings last? Let's
see which is eternal and enduring, and
which is perishable. Only then can we truly
understand their value. Let's see what
brings happiness and what
brings suffering. Only then
can we truly appreciate his grace.
We must see the wealth our parents have given us to understand, right?
The effort to find that is what we must do.
And now, let's enter the
contemplative meditation session. We meditate,
we just meditate. When distracting thoughts arise, we
abandon them, and turn back to
thinking. Of course, with so much negative
karma, we cannot achieve inner peace.
But since we haven't achieved it yet,
we ask for it again.  The Buddha's protection, the
Han-style prayer will be very short and
concise so that when we are
overwhelmed by distracting thoughts, we can direct our
minds towards this prayer. Dear fellow practitioners, please pray:
We humbly beseech the
Buddha Shakyamuni, the
Buddha Shakyamuni, to guide us, to guide
us so that we may
contemplate the Buddha's grace, so that we may be
diligent, so that we may be
diligent.
[Music]
[Laughter]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We respectfully
beseech our benevolent teacher, our
compassionate father.
Today, we Buddhists have come
to the Bodhi tree where you
practiced meditation for 49 days and
nights, accumulating immeasurable merit from three eons
to attain enlightenment.
Thanks to your grace, we have come
together to understand a little of
your merit. Now we respectfully bow and praise you, respectfully and gratefully thank you
for sacrificing so much blood and flesh for countless eons,
practicing great compassion for countless beings.
The Bodhi Tree, the
source of
our Buddhahood, even though we understand a
little, we see that
his merits are inconceivable and cannot be
fully understood by ordinary people like us. Today, with our
beginner minds and our
aspirations to one day also become Buddhas, as he
has prayed for all sentient beings, we humbly praise and
respectfully pray that
we may be supported and guided by the
Buddhas and our benevolent teacher, our compassionate father, to
walk the path he
walked and achieve what he has
achieved. Namo, witnessing the Bodhi Tree, Maha
Bodhisattva, Wisdom Heart,
bowing under the Bodhi Tree at the end of the night,
forty-nine feet in Tinh Giang, seeing the dawn light of Bodhi, the path of the Buddha, our original teacher, Shakyamuni Buddha.
[Music]
Namo Buddha, our original teacher, Shakyamuni Buddha.
We respectfully bow to our benevolent father, Shakyamuni Buddha.
Today, the third convoy of vehicles
in the 2022 pilgrimage
of the National Golden Club, Ba Vang Pagoda,
has arrived at this place, the place where
our Venerable One attained Buddhahood.  The Buddha attained
enlightenment, bringing forth the wondrous Dharma that eradicates suffering
for all beings and brings happiness to all.
Today, we are
here, walking on the Seven Jewels path that
the Buddha manifested to save the
Devas. When the Buddha attained enlightenment, some
Devas doubted whether
he had attained enlightenment or not. Because of his compassion and loving-kindness, the Venerable One
manifested the Seven Jewels path and walked
on it, causing all
Devas to attain liberation and rejoice.
Today, we offer these
flowers from the human realm, but we also
pray that we may have the same joyful hearts as the
Devas when he attained
enlightenment. We offer these flowers to pray for
Supreme Enlightenment, to
pray that his teachings be proclaimed
throughout the five continents and the entire world. We offer these flowers
because we wish to attain the Lesser Path, for the four assemblies of beings,
hoping that a saint will soon appear
in this world to propagate the Dharma and save sentient beings. We
also
dedicate these offerings to the Buddhist practitioners in
our Golden Chrysanthemum Club who practice the Six Harmonies, so that they may
be happy and have their karmic debts resolved.  We are diligently striving
on the path to
Supreme Enlightenment and diligently
practicing the Six Principles of Harmony to achieve
the fruits of merit in the Bodhi Mind, so that
we may join the ranks of the irreversible. Following the virtues
of our compassionate Father and the
wisdom of our compassionate Father, we
pray that we may also diligently strive
on this path to enlightenment, seeking the
supreme path to benefit all beings and
creatures, following
our compassionate Father, Shakyamuni Buddha. We also
pray that on this thorny and
difficult path, we may always
be guided and supported by our compassionate Father, so that we may achieve enlightenment, so that
we may strive, so that we may practice
all the
virtues of patience, so that we may overcome and attain enlightenment. We humbly request
our compassionate Father to witness, bless, and
accept
this offering and supplication. With sincere devotion, we respectfully bow to our compassionate Father and offer flowers as a tribute.
[Music]
Namo Buddha, Namo Buddha, Namo
Buddha, holding
fragrant flowers in our hands, we
offer them as a tribute.
With sincere hearts,
we bow our heads in reverence to the Buddha. We, your
humble servants, pay homage to the Buddha, who, in his
karmic journey through the ages, sought the path to enlightenment, enduring countless hardships and
suffering. He revealed the Dharma to us, freeing us from
worldly suffering. [
Music] When the Buddha's compassion was so profound, he left behind the Bodhisattva path, cultivating the fields of merit for all beings. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni,
we respectfully bow to our compassionate Father,
Shakyamuni.
For three countless eons,
he sacrificed his blood and flesh to practice the
paramitas.
With only one thought, he sought a way to alleviate the suffering
of all beings.
He was always pained, wondering how to end their suffering,
how to bring them absolute peace and happiness. Even in his final life, he practiced the Bodhisattva path, living in luxury and wealth as a prince. He was only pained, wondering how to
free himself and all beings from suffering,
how to avoid being born into this world
to endure
pain. How to end suffering?
[Music] Mindfulness of renunciation,
mindfulness of seeking enlightenment, mindfulness of achieving perfect enlightenment, bringing
us great
benefit.  The
greatest treasure is incomparable to any other possession,
for material wealth leads to
suffering, while the
treasure that He bestowed upon us and all beings
is the cessation of all suffering, the attainment of absolute peace and happiness.
This is the
Dharma of 49 Days of
Meditation, the culmination of three countless eons of
practice, which He has given us and
left for us and all
beings the priceless treasure of the
Dharma that eradicates suffering.
Today, the third pilgrimage of
2022 from the Golden Chrysanthemum Club of Ba
Vang Pagoda, we have come to this place, the birthplace of
the Perfectly Enlightened One,
marking the
path to liberation from suffering for all beings in this Saha world, the
birthplace of the Jewel that
saves us from suffering.
We are given
happiness, not having to
constantly crave or desire, yet we are given
such a precious jewel. Truly, in
this world, there is no child as
fortunate as His four groups of disciples,
inheriting the legacy of our Father.
In three eons, you have endured immense suffering,
sacrificing your own
flesh to obtain it, and you have given it to
us. Due to our ignorance and foolishness,
when we have this treasure in our hands, we do not know how to
preserve it, how to use it, and we remain greedy,
creating suffering
for ourselves and others. We mistake
earth for jade, and the jade is
earth—that is our ignorance and darkness.
Today, we come
here, recognizing this precious gem, and vow that for eternity, we will
use
this wealth to attain the
ultimate happiness for ourselves, which is the state of perfect enlightenment.
Today, we humbly present this to our compassionate Father, the protector, and
our benefactor, that
from now until
countless eons, we will only use this wealth to
enjoy and bestow it upon all
beings. We are
currently supported, taught, and guided by the teachings
of our esteemed disciple, Venerable Thich Truc Thai
Minh, who has passed on this
precious gem to us. We
also vow to follow his words and, following
our master's example, to spread this precious gem
everywhere.  We pray that the
true Dharma may be proclaimed throughout the five
continents of the world to repay the immense gratitude
we owe to our compassionate Father, who, through countless eons of suffering and hardship,
sought us out.
We humbly present this to our merciful Father, asking for His witness.
From now on, we will only use the precious jewels
of our merciful Father. The virtuous and compassionate
Buddha
Shakyamuni, who transcended the ups and downs of birth,
sickness, suffering, and death, the supreme and boundless capable one, who cultivated and practiced, descended to the mortal world, and
departed
from the royal throne, hiding himself in seclusion. He resolutely cultivated the wondrous path of Bodhi, sitting at the
Heavenly root for forty-nine days and nights without rest, breaking through the great
army of the early morning light,
revealing the Dharma, attaining enlightenment, the Threefold Enlightenment, the wondrous wisdom that illuminates a
thousand
worlds, the perfected path, the great cycle of
transmitting the Dharma, all beings turning towards it. With a sincere and devoted
heart, we contemplate the Buddha, the one who attained enlightenment, the virtuous and compassionate Buddha, the one who has shown
us great compassion. With a sincere and devoted heart, we offer our utmost respect and reverence.  I pay
homage to the
Buddha, who, throughout countless eons, has shown compassion for all beings, developed the Bodhi Mind, practiced the
Bodhisattva path,
and attained
Buddhahood. I pay homage to the Buddha, the original teacher,
Shakyamuni Buddha. I pay homage to the Buddha, who, with a sincere heart, manifested the fleeting pleasures of the world, was weary of worldly desires, and felt compassion for the suffering
of humanity. At midnight, he left the city to seek enlightenment, cutting his hair and abandoning it, he attained the
state of non-thought meditation. I pay homage to the Buddha, the original teacher,
Shakyamuni Buddha ...  The
Bodhi tree, with its withered branches, stands as a sacred seat. The
vow is made: even if it quickly dries up, leaving
only bones, I will not leave the
Bodhi tree. If I have not yet attained Buddhahood, I, the Supreme
Buddha Shakyamuni, with a sincere heart, perform the ritual under the Bodhi tree on the forty-ninth night, the first row of the Demon Subduing Army witnessing the cycle of suffering. I clearly see all beings trapped in the cycle of suffering. The Supreme Buddha Shakyamuni
[music] with a
sincere heart performs the ritual under the Bodhi tree on the
forty-ninth night, attaining the Heavenly Eye.
I clearly see the whole world and all
beings in all directions without hindrance. The Supreme Buddha
Shakyamuni, with a
sincere heart, performs the ritual under the Bodhi tree on the
forty-ninth night, attaining the third row, clearly seeing the
cause of suffering, the source of suffering,
and the path leading to the cessation of suffering and the
attainment of enlightenment. I eradicate all afflictions, defilements, and
suffering, attaining the Tower of Enlightenment. The Supreme Buddha Shakyamuni, with a
sincere heart, performs the ritual under the Bodhi tree, the
forty-ninth night, sincerely expounding the teachings. Seeing the
Morning Star, I attain Bodhi. The Supreme Buddha
Shakyamuni
[music]
with a sincere heart, performs the ritual of the immortal Dharma.
The Holy Emperor, the Threefold Path, the Buddha, sentient beings,
transcend the ocean of suffering. The Buddha
Shakyamuni, with his compassionate heart, pays homage to the
present Dharma assembly. The teacher, the
spiritual master of the three realms, the father of all beings, the Buddha Shakyamuni, we respectfully
bow to our
compassionate father. We
yearn for the Dharma of liberation, we seek liberation,
we seek diligence. Whatever
merit we accumulate, we dedicate it to our
diligence in the path of Bodhi. We humbly beseech our compassionate father to
understand our hearts, to protect us, to guide us, to support us, to lead
us, to guide us diligently
on the path to Supreme Enlightenment, the
path that he walked, the path that he attained enlightenment on. We sincerely and earnestly dedicate our merits, requesting the compassionate father to
witness and protect us.
[Music]
We pray that the true Dharma of the
Buddha be proclaimed throughout the five
continents and the entire world. May the four assemblies of disciples have the
full conditions to practice the Dharma that he
taught, to practice the Dharma as the Buddha did while he was alive, to transmit the Dharma to monks, nuns, and lay
Buddhists in the Six Harmonious Principles, to cultivate the path of enlightenment, and to
fully practice the Dharma
as the Buddha did.  We, the Venerable Ones, are no different from us in this world.
We sincerely and respectfully dedicate
this merit to all our teachers, deities,
gods, and spirits, including the
Yaksha and Rakshasa, all beings
in the spiritual realm, and all
beings with karmic connections. At Bodhi Gaya,
where the Buddha attained Supreme Enlightenment, we pray
that all may
increase their blessings, form karmic connections with
us, and support each other in our practice until
the day we attain Supreme Enlightenment. We
also dedicate this merit to all
our teachers, deities, gods, spirits, and all karmic connections with us, and all
karmic connections with the Buddhist practitioners
on this journey, that all
may increase their blessings, form
karmic connections with us, and support
each other in our practice until the day we
attain enlightenment. We pray that all
beings with karmic connections with us on
this path of practice may attain
enlightenment, diligently seek the path of impermanence.
[Music]
I
Oh Oh [
Applause]
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We, your Buddhist disciples, joyfully
rely on the power of our
benevolent Father, Buddha Shakyamuni.
Together we obey the teachings of our benevolent Father,
taking the Dharma as our
lamp. We are blessed by our teacher, Venerable Thich
Chuc Thai
Minh, a disciple of the Buddha, who guides
us. We are permitted to share the
Dharma with each other today. We
understand the second week after the
Buddha attained enlightenment. Here we understand that
our benevolent Father,
from countless eons, practiced gratitude.
After attaining enlightenment, in meditation and
peaceful contemplation, in gratitude under the
Bodhi tree, our benevolent Father has
saved 70 billion beings. We are truly
joyful. We vow that from now on,
we will wholeheartedly focus
on cultivating
gratitude, following the path
that the Buddha has followed,
following the teachings of the Buddha. We respectfully
bow to the Buddha.
Before...  We have heard that we are being
taught by Master Truong, and
perhaps some of us Buddhists
still don't fully understand or have doubts
or obstacles in our hearts about why we are being
taught by Master
Truong. Now we understand that serving Master Truong is
to cultivate a grateful heart, a
heart that anyone who wants to achieve
Supreme Enlightenment must cultivate.
We are truly happy to be taught
by our compassionate Father, Shakyamuni, who
taught us little by little.
From now on, we
vow to turn towards our compassionate Father and
learn the heart of
gratitude. We all humbly ask our compassionate Father to guide us, bless us, support us, and help
us to cultivate a
grateful heart, following in the footsteps of our compassionate Father, seeking Supreme Enlightenment. We sincerely and wholeheartedly bow in reverence. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We respectfully bow to our compassionate Father, knowing that to have a grateful heart,
we must be sincere. We vow to cultivate a sincere heart to learn the practice of gratitude. We sincerely and wholeheartedly bow in reverence.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully bow to our
compassionate Father, knowing that to have a grateful heart,
we must be truthful. We vow to cultivate a
truthful heart to
learn the practice of
gratitude. We humbly bow in reverence to
our compassionate Father.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully bow to our
esteemed father. We have heard that a defiled mind
must be expressed through actions. A defiled
mind cannot exist without
actions that demonstrate its defilement. A truthful mind must be expressed through
actions; a truthful mind
cannot exist without actions that demonstrate its
truthfulness. In the Six
Harmonious Principles, we have learned that we must use a
truthful mind, compassion, joy, and equanimity, both in front of and
behind others. We pray
to maintain a truthful mind to achieve gratitude in
every action we take. We
humbly bow to our esteemed father, guiding and
blessing us so that we may fulfill
this vow. We
respectfully bow to our esteemed father. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
[Music]
So, dear fellow practitioners, do you see the benefits of a
truthful mind? Therefore,
offerings are not equal to the merit of cultivating a
truthful mind. That's right, dear practitioners. Do you understand?
Offering material things without
cultivating a truthful mind is not as good as cultivating a
truthful mind without material offerings.
Having material offerings combined
with cultivating a truthful mind is extremely, extremely, extremely good
!  Dear fellow practitioners, that's why
having a sincere and honest heart will bring about
self-realization and the power
to save sentient beings. Therefore, we have
realized this part today, so don't
hide from yourself and do
wrong things. It's like going
to the temple; the temple rules state that you should practice, and at
this time, you keep hiding from yourself and going to worship.
Each time you hide, you create negative
karma, and your merit decreases.
Dear fellow practitioners, do you understand? If it's not sincere, then what
is it? If it's not sincere, then what is it?
The teacher understands this point.
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We
respectfully bow to our benevolent father,
Buddha Shakyamuni.
Today, the fourth pilgrimage of
2022 from the Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies at
Ba Vang Temple,
we have come to Bodh Gaya, the sacred site where the
Buddha attained enlightenment under the Bodhi tree.
Today, we, representing the
Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club
practicing the Six Harmonies, offer
gold-plated flowers.  This sacred site is located in the second week of the 70th year.
When our esteemed father, Shakyamuni Buddha,
after attaining enlightenment,
stood here facing the Bodhi tree for seven
days, gazing at it without blinking, in gratitude and to
guide seventy thousand
sentient beings, we are truly blessed and
fortunate to have come to this sacred site. We
are truly happy to be children of our
benevolent Father, Shakyamuni Buddha. We
inherit the immortal Dharma, and the
light of his teachings
illuminates our minds, opening the path to
liberation for us. Today, we
offer this donation to all the
Buddhist practitioners in our Golden Chrysanthemum Club, who practice the Six Harmonies. Through
this offering, we hope to receive
blessings for many lifetimes
to come, to be close to the Three Jewels, to meet the enlightened
masters, the
excellent disciples of our benevolent Father, the
Buddha Shakyamuni. In the presence of the
Buddhas, we will sow seeds of
merit, practice the Bodhi virtues, and seek the supreme path.
In some future lifetime,
we will have the karmic conditions to attain perfect enlightenment under the
Bodhi tree.  For the benefit and happiness of
humanity and all beings, following the example of our
benevolent Father, the Buddha Shakyamuni,
we humbly beseech
our benevolent Father to witness and
bless us in
this offering and supplication. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni [
music]
T
[music] [
Applause] [music]
I
[music] [
music] Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully beseech our benevolent Father, the
Buddha Shakyamuni. Today, on the
fourth pilgrimage of 2022, we, the fourth group of pilgrims, have
come to this place, the Bodhi tree where the
Buddha attained enlightenment,
opening the path to salvation and
happiness for all beings.
Today, we are here, in this place, the
fourth week after our Lord Buddha
attained enlightenment, in the jeweled hall.
We offer flowers and request to be gilded
here. We, on behalf of
all the Buddhists in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, with this offering, pray for the diligent attainment of
Bodhi and for the
benefit of all beings.
We humbly beseech our Benevolent Father, our Compassionate Father.
From countless eons, we have
wandered in the cycle of rebirth, where we could have met the
Buddhas, but we have not been
diligent or joyful in following them, and have
even committed unwholesome deeds in the
Dharma. Therefore, we have been wandering endlessly, unable to
escape the cycle of rebirth. Today, we learn
from the Buddha's teachings, and with joyful
hearts, we offer our devotion. We vow to
practice the Six Harmonious Deeds, hoping that the
merits arising from these Six Harmonious Deeds
will enable us to diligently practice the
Bodhisattva path. We humbly
beseech our Benevolent Father to bear witness and protect
us, so that in
this life, the next, and many lives to come, we may have the karmic conditions and blessings to meet the
Buddhas, offer our devotion, and seek the Buddhas, striving for Supreme Enlightenment,
so that we may soon attain
enlightenment in some lifetime, under the
Bodhi tree, achieving enlightenment and benefiting sentient beings. We humbly beseech our Benevolent
Father, our Original Teacher, Shakyamuni Buddha. We
humbly beseech our Benevolent Father to bear
witness and bless
us. Namo Buddha, our Original Teacher.
[Music]
Ca h
K
[Music]
[Applause]
ch
Nam Mô Buddha Shakyamuni. We
respectfully bow to our esteemed Father, our benevolent Buddha
Shakyamuni.
Today, we, representing the
Buddhists of the Golden Cup Club practicing the Six Harmonies at
Ba Vang Temple, offer this
Golden Flower offering to
this place where, seven weeks after the
Buddha attained supreme enlightenment, he resided. We
pray that with
this offering, all Buddhists in the Golden Cup
Club practicing the Six Harmonies will soon
achieve their
present aspirations, their lives will be less troubled, and they will have
favorable conditions to practice in the true Dharma of the
Buddha. With this offering, we pray that in every lifetime
we will meet
again in the true Dharma of the Buddha, that the Buddha and all Buddhas will guide
us, that we may diligently strive for
Bodhi, that we may
soon attain Supreme Bodhi, and that we may
have good fortune in some future life.  The
Bodhi tree, the attainment of perfect enlightenment,
like our benevolent Father, the Buddha
Shakyamuni. In this present life, we
vow to
diligently practice the Six Harmonious Principles
under the guidance of the Bhikkhu disciple
of our benevolent Father, Bhikkhu Thich
Truc Thai Minh, and the monks of Ba
Vang Pagoda. We pray that the true Dharma of the
Buddha may be proclaimed, that
all beings and all
creatures connected to us may be protected by the
Compassionate Father, that they may have
faith in the Three Jewels, develop Bodhicitta, and together
with us practice the
Bodhisattva path, that is, develop Bodhicitta, protect the
Three Jewels, and spread the Buddha's teachings throughout the world. We
pray that we may receive the
protection of our benevolent Father in
this offering, that the true Dharma
may be proclaimed throughout the world, that
all sentient beings may benefit, be happy and
peaceful. We humbly beseech our
benevolent Father, the Buddha Shakyamuni, to protect and
witness our
offering and our
vows. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully bow to our benevolent father,
our son Shakyamuni. Today, we
are here at Bodhi Gaya, the place where
Bodhisattvas attained perfect enlightenment, the name of
Buddha Shakyamuni.
We have moved to the place
where our father,
after attaining
enlightenment, in the seventh week, resided
and
received his first offerings. After his enlightenment, we are
here, following the example of the two great
saints, offering sacrifices. We vow to serve the Three Jewels and the Buddhas for
many lifetimes, to
practice the Bodhisattva path and seek the path of impermanence.
Today, we respectfully bow to the
attainment of the
Buddha. We humbly
[Music]
bow to the Buddha, and we offer our
blessings upon all the prayers and offerings
we have made today at
Bodhi Gaya, the place where the Buddha, the perfectly enlightened one,
appeared in
this world, showing compassion to sentient beings and cultivating the
Bodhi mind.  Regarding the Bodhisattva path, the Pure Land Buddha, the original teacher
Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni
Buddha,
we respectfully bow to our benevolent father
and to the holy monks and the holy abbots who
offered the
first pure and precious food when the Perfectly Enlightened One
attained enlightenment.
We vow to diligently uphold the
precepts.
We humbly request that our spiritual father and the holy
monks bear witness, guide, and support
us so that we may diligently uphold the precepts and diligently practice the
Bodhisattva path. We humbly request your blessings and
protection.
We also request blessings for all Buddhists who are already Buddhists
of the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club and all future Buddhists
of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club.
We request the protection and support
of the Buddha Shakyamuni, the holy monks, and the
Bodhisattvas so that we may all diligently practice the Six Harmonies,
proclaiming the true Dharma of the Buddha and achieving the
first Bodhi merits as the cause.
We are fortunate to have the opportunity to diligently cultivate Bodhicitta through
many lifetimes. Currently, we pray to
practice the Bodhicitta practice, to protect the
Three Jewels,
to spread the Buddha Dharma
throughout the world, to seek
Supreme Enlightenment.
[Music]
We also pray that a saint will soon
appear in this world according to the request of
our master, to propagate the
Dharma and save sentient beings. A
saint in flesh and blood will be present
in
this world to spread the true Dharma of the
Buddha to the multitude. This is the request
of our master, Thich Chuc Thai
Minh. We also raise our Bodhicitta to the Bodhi Mind
of our master. We
pray
[Music]
We also dedicate our merits to the two saintly monks
of the past, two
merchants, dedicating them to our
progress, peace, and present
benefit. We also
dedicate our merits to all beings throughout
this Dharma realm, all deities, gods, yakshas, ​​and
humans, so that all beings may
rely on this merit and be connected
to it.  The true Dharma of the Buddha has formed a
karmic connection with us, our practitioners, in our pursuit of the Bodhisattva
path. We humbly request the Buddhas to bear
witness, and we also pray that the true
Dharma may be proclaimed throughout the five
continents, bringing
benefit and peace to all
sentient beings. We humbly request the
witness of our spiritual father, the witness of the
Arhats, and the witness of the Bodhisattvas. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
We respectfully bow to
our esteemed Buddha Shakyamuni.
Today, we, the Buddhist followers, have gathered here, the place
where he attained perfect enlightenment,
bringing happiness to the world and
opening the path to
liberation from suffering for all beings.
[Music]
I
see that in many
lifetimes, we either did not meet the Buddha or, having met the
Buddha, our minds were
lax,
perhaps we practiced outside the
path and blasphemed, causing us to drift
endlessly in the cycle of rebirth.
Today, we have come
here to truly see the place where the Buddha attained
enlightenment. In our hearts, we will have
some doubts about the
Buddha. Before, we also
learned and heard about the Buddha's enlightenment.
I believe that the Buddha attained
enlightenment through his teachings.
Through the miraculous Dharma of the
Buddha, we are saved from suffering, and we have developed
faith and reverence. But today, having
come here and
witnessed it firsthand, our faith is even stronger.
Every time
we recite, read, or listen to the
Buddha's attainment of enlightenment,
our minds become
one, from mind to
thought.
This will bring us
happiness in many future lives.
We have heard of the Buddha, and there are holy lay
followers who, upon hearing the
Buddha's name, have attained pure faith
and joyfully listened to the Dharma,
leading them to enlightenment. We
believe that those lay followers,
in previous lives, perhaps
had similar karmic connections to
learn the Dharma of
previous Buddhas, visited the places where previous Buddhas attained enlightenment,
and visited the Four Noble Sites. In
this life, upon meeting the
Buddha and hearing the name of the Buddha,
immediately believed. We know that to achieve
faith, one must have a single-mindedness and pure senses.
Today, we have heard with our ears and
truly seen with our eyes. We think
that this...  It will be a supreme karmic connection for
us in our future lives
if, on the path to
Supreme Enlightenment, we encounter and hear the Buddhas,
we will achieve
faith. This is our aspiration
when we hear the
Buddha's holy lay followers, like the Bodhisattva Anathapindika,
reciting the Buddha's name and attaining
complete pure faith.
We yearn for that sincerity, that merit, that auspicious connection. Therefore, we visit the Four Holy Sites,
thinking that in our future lives
we will also receive
such miraculous merit.
Today, here, we respectfully praise and commemorate the
Buddha's attainment of enlightenment, the Bodhisattva Siddhartha's attainment of enlightenment here, here
under the Bodhi tree,
the world welcomes the perfectly
enlightened Buddha, our Teacher Shakyamuni. The virtuous Tathagata, the great compassionate one, the one who transcends the ups and downs of
birth,
sickness, suffering, and death, the supreme being with immeasurable power. In the lifetime of cultivation, he
descended to the world,
from the royal throne, hiding himself in a place of resolute determination
to cultivate the wondrous path.  The foundation of
meditation, forty-nine days and nights without a moment's rest, the
Great Grass
[music]
Breaking through the path to enlightenment, the Buddha of Wisdom, the Great
Compassionate One, diligently
studying the path, following the teachings, diligently practicing the path, the
Buddha Shakyamuni
[music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni,
today we have come here, where the Buddha
attained
enlightenment, attained perfect enlightenment. We are
extremely joyful. We have
been blessed with the karmic conditions to offer our prayers and aspirations, diligently seeking the blessings
[music]
of the Benevolent Father for us, for all
eternity, to diligently seek the path of impermanence. In
this present life, we have been able to
practice and achieve the merits
in the first seed of Bodhi in
our Bodhi practice, which is to cultivate
Bodhi mind, uphold the Three Jewels, and transmit the
Buddha Dharma throughout the
world. His attainment of enlightenment
makes humans and gods extremely joyful. In
the Age of Decline, when he has passed
away, we have witnessed
his enlightenment.  Through our practice of the Dharma,
we are extremely happy.
We, the worldly disciples, are not evil.
Now, here, we
truly see
in our hearts that you are
present in
this world, truly in flesh and blood, right
here, making our faith
pure.
Now we recite verses of praise
and pay homage to you, paying homage to your enlightenment and salvation of all
beings, paying homage to your
enlightenment through countless eons of practice.
We sincerely and wholeheartedly praise and pay
homage.
[Music]
K
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [
Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music]
ch [Music] d [
Music] ch [
Music] bwa [Music]
m
[Music]
I